Everyone, I would like to introduce our new client, the renowned designer, Ms. Anna Ellis.
Christina Hayes.
You know me?
Of course.
I've been following your work for a long time.
I want to assign Ms. Hayes full responsibility of this project.
Of course.
A hundred thousand dollar bonus.
I saw your work eight years ago and admired it greatly.
This collaboration is solely because of you, Christina.
I've never been appreciated like this before.
Do you have time tonight?
Let's discuss over dinner.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll make a reservation.
Oh, I don't like crowded places.
Let's go to your house.
See you tonight.
It's quite a spread.
We're going to have peanut butter sandwich to the graduate restaurant.
It's a hundred thousand dollars.
What do we do not entertain?
Oh.
I'm going to go get that key finish tonight.
Yeah.
Switching to my home.
This is my husband.
And this is...
Mason and Melinda.
I brought a strawberry cake for you.
That's so sweet of you.
Thank you.
I shouldn't have gone through all that trouble.
But how did you know that they like strawberry?
Because I am their biological mother.